The arrows led me to a cove where the
sand was untouched, save for the
intricate patterns left by the nocturnal
creatures of the sea. There, the silver
moonlight revealed a hidden message
within the arrows, a secret script
waiting to be deciphered. It was a moment
of profound stillness, where time seemed
to pause, and the only thing that
mattered was the beauty of the silver
night and the enigmatic arrows.

I pondered the artist's intention,
whether it was a mere expression of
creativity or a deliberate map to an
unseen treasure. The arrows in the sand,
transient yet impactful, reminded me of
life's fleeting moments that leave a
lasting impression. As the night
deepened, the silver glow waned, and the
tide began to erase the arrows, I
realized that some mysteries are not
meant to be solved, but simply
appreciated.

Warm regards,

Jordan